1. What is the difference between a Docker container and a Docker image?
Docker images contain everyhting needed to run an application but can't be modified and docker containers are the running instance of 
the docker image.

2. How does Docker ensure isolation between containers?
Docker ensures that each container has isolated processes so that no other process can change anything. You can think of it as each
container is its own VM and no one else can access it.

3. What are the benefits of using Alpine Linux as a base image for containers?
Small size, perfromance is quick since there is low resource consumption.

4. What is Docker Hub, and how does it relate to image registries?
Docker Hub (Docker Store) is basically where you grab images from if it is not in your machine (locally).  

5. What command did you use to check the installed Docker version? What was the output?
docker --version. Docker version 27.3.1-1, build ce1223035ac3ab8922717092e63a184cf67b493d.

6. How can you list all running containers, and what information does the output provide?
docker ps -a. The values asscoiated with the containers.

7. How would you run an interactive Alpine Linux container and exit from it properly?
docker run -ti ubuntu bash. Type exit.

8. If you wanted to remove all stopped containers from your system, what command would you use?
docker container prune.

9. What happens when you run docker run alpine echo "Hello, World!"? Explain step-by-step.
Docker will first check if alpine is in oyur machine locally, if not, then it will pull it from the Docker Store. It will then 
create a container alpine for the alpine image. It will then run echo "Hello, World!" therefore printing hello world in the container.
Prints Hello, World! to the terminal then exits the container. 

10. If a container is failing to start, what command would you use to check its logs?
docker logs <container_id>.

11. What is the difference between docker stop and docker kill? When should each be used?
docker stop is more of a clean shutdown and used when you just want to shutdown your container. Docker kill is terminating the container,
its used when you have a unresponsive container.

12. How do you remove an image from your system, and what should you check before doing so?
docker rmi <image_id>. You should check if any active containers are using that image.